New Layout Service (#11)
ove/ove-services: packages/ove-service-layout/README.md

# OVE Layout Service

> The Layout Service can be used in addition to the OVE to support more complex layouts,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Layout Service can be used to support OVE with more complex layouts,
```

> other than the absolute coordinates system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
apart from the absolute coordinates system.
```

## Build

> This service is a standard npm build, which can be either build with lerna (as per instructions)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This service requires a standard npm build, which can be built with lerna (as per instructions)
```

> in the Readme file in the root of this repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in the README.md file found in the root of this repository.
```

> Alternatively, it can be build and run with standard npm, using the package.json.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, it can be built and run with standard npm, using the package.json.
```

## Testing & developing

A standard working example is provided in the [Working Example](docs/WORKING_EXAMPLE.md) document.

Testing this service requires either a working OVE instance or a mocked service. The mocked service
is available as part of this project. To run it:

```bash
npm run mockup
```

This will spin up a json mockup rest server, exposing the following url: [http://localhost:3004/space-info](http://localhost:3004/space-info).

## Available layouts

The layouts and parameters are available in the [layouts](docs/LAYOUTS.md) document.

## Unit tests

```bash
> npm run coverage
 

>  [PASS]  src/layout/manager.test.js

Reviewer: @oserban, why can't your tests always be found under the src/test/ folder?
I know this is a very Java-like question, but I think it makes things a bit more organised. WDYT?

Author: The jest/react standard way is to keep the test close to the source with a different naming convention. I just followed the guidelines here :-)
